portfolio.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

A list of works that I have done, a portfolio aimed for industry.

### Research Software

#### [WITCH-NG](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/WITCH-NG)

 - Bioinformatics tool for adding unaligned fragments to a reference multiple-sequence alignment.
 - The most accurate software of its class (building on [WITCH](https://github.com/c5shen/WITCH)), but redesigned with better performance in Rust with some algorithmic simplifications.

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/research_paper-bioRxiv_preprint-teal?style=flat-square)](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.08.08.503232v1)

-----

#### [Internode](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/internode)

 - Bioinformatics tool that infers accurate (comparable to that of state-of-the-art) species trees, but very fast.
 - The fastest (while competitive accuracy) software of its class.

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/research_paper-bioRxiv_preprint-teal?style=flat-square)](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.05.24.493312v1)


-----

#### [Fifteen](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/fifteen)

 - Python bioinformatics library that contains data structures for querying topologies on phylogenetic trees.
 - Implements sparse tables (for fast LCA querying) and uses [Maturin](https://github.com/PyO3/maturin) and [PyO3](https://pyo3.rs/v0.16.4/) for the Rust-Python bridge

-----

### Other Software

#### [Coarse](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/coarse) -- A Lens Library for Clojure

 - A lens (functional setters and getters) library, implemented in Clojure but in a Haskell style.

-----

#### [Siki.lua](https://github.com/BakaBBQ/siki.lua) -- Frame Editor for Fighting Games

 - An interactive GUI editor for frame data usable for fighting games powered by Love2D using Lua.

-----

### Other Publications

See my [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4210-8269) for a full list of my publications.



-----

### Games

#### [Tree](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1811630/_Tree/) (Steam 2021, Leap Studio)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/tree.png" alt="Tree"/>

- A narrative game with light puzzle elements focused on a young [Tujia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tujia_people) girl.
- Made in Unity with C#. I programmed a substantial part of the puzzles.
- [Silver Award (Green Track)](https://gameinstitute-qq-com.translate.goog/yxds-2021/works/101910?_x_tr_sl=auto&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=en&_x_tr_pto=wapp), 2021 Tencent Youth Game Designer Challenge 

----

#### [Dragon Spirits](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1074190/Dragon_Spirits/) ("龙魂", Steam 2020, part of a team led by [FHNBHJ](https://twitter.com/forharnia/))
<img src="/assets/images/banners/dragonspirits.png" alt="Dragon Spirits"/>

- A Pokemon-inspired game but heavily focused on dragons and a nostalgic school life.
- I served as the lead programmer of the game, did the work of all its core battle system.
- Made in RPG Maker VX Ace (at the end of the gradual extinction of this engine) with a lot of Ruby.

----

#### [JingkeRL](https://ceremonial.itch.io/jingkerl) (2018, 7DRL Entry)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/jingkerl.png" alt="JingkeRL"/>

- A small historical roguelike game, a reenactment of Jingke's last moments.
- See [reviews](https://itch.io/jam/7drl-challenge-2018/rate/233653) at the time by 7DRL judges.
- Made using Rot.js paired with TypeScript and finished in four days.

----

#### [WaveSTG](https://globalgamejam.org/2017/games/wavestg) (2017, Global Game Jam)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/wavestg.png" alt="WaveSTG"/>

 - A bullet-hell game with a simple design: dodge waves of bullets.
 - Made in Love2D (Lua game engine) and finished in 48 hours.

----

#### [EienteiRL](http://roguebasin.com/index.php/EienteiRL) (2015, 7DRL Entry)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/eienteirl.png" alt="EienteiRL"/>

 - A classical roguelike game but with Touhou-themed twists.
 - See [reviews](https://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/) at the time by 7DRL judges.
 - Made in Gosu (Ruby game engine) and finished in seven days.

----

### Music

I used to arrange music for fun, but it did not take long before others to rightfully realize
that knowing to play the piano as an amateur is totally different from being able to arrange music.

Note that links are to Netease Cloud Music (somewhat a Chinese Spotify) and that the music
can be bad. All music were made as part of the group [Mad Hatter Tea](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/%E7%96%AF%E5%B8%BD%E5%AD%90%E8%8C%B6%E4%BC%9A).

#### Qingdao THOnly 2017 Album ("MhT X 青岛THO纪念专辑", 2017, in collaboration with 核弹阿茶)

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%99%AB_listen_online-netease_cloud_music-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://music.163.com/#/album?id=73915857)

------

#### Misc Doujin Albums (2018 - 2019, as part of Mad Hatter Tea)

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%99%AB_listen_online-netease_cloud_music-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://music.163.com/#/song?id=1822819593)


[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%99%AB_listen_online-netease_cloud_music-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://music.163.com/#/song?id=1822832248)

------

### Misc

#### Competitive Programming

I used to very casually compete at ACM-ICPC.

 - ACM-ICPC 2018 Mid-Atlantic Regional, [6th place](https://mausa18.kattis.com/contests/mausa18/standings) out of 185 teams

Commit message:

added link to the Warnow lab

portfolio.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

A list of works that I have done, a portfolio aimed for industry.

### Research Software

All research shown here are done as part of [the Warnow lab](http://tandy.cs.illinois.edu/) at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

#### [WITCH-NG](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/WITCH-NG)

 - Bioinformatics tool for adding unaligned fragments to a reference multiple-sequence alignment.
 - The most accurate software of its class (building on [WITCH](https://github.com/c5shen/WITCH)), but redesigned with better performance in Rust with some algorithmic simplifications.

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/research_paper-bioRxiv_preprint-teal?style=flat-square)](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.08.08.503232v1)

-----

#### [Internode](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/internode)

 - Bioinformatics tool that infers accurate (comparable to that of state-of-the-art) species trees, but very fast.
 - The fastest (while competitive accuracy) software of its class.

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/research_paper-bioRxiv_preprint-teal?style=flat-square)](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.05.24.493312v1)


-----

#### [Fifteen](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/fifteen)

 - Python bioinformatics library that contains data structures for querying topologies on phylogenetic trees.
 - Implements sparse tables (for fast LCA querying) and uses [Maturin](https://github.com/PyO3/maturin) and [PyO3](https://pyo3.rs/v0.16.4/) for the Rust-Python bridge

-----

### Other Software

#### [Coarse](https://github.com/RuneBlaze/coarse) -- A Lens Library for Clojure

 - A lens (functional setters and getters) library, implemented in Clojure but in a Haskell style.

-----

#### [Siki.lua](https://github.com/BakaBBQ/siki.lua) -- Frame Editor for Fighting Games

 - An interactive GUI editor for frame data usable for fighting games powered by Love2D using Lua.

-----

### Other Publications

See my [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4210-8269) for a full list of my publications.

-----

### Games

#### [Tree](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1811630/_Tree/) (Steam 2021, Leap Studio)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/tree.png" alt="Tree"/>

- A narrative game with light puzzle elements focused on a young [Tujia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tujia_people) girl.
- Made in Unity with C#. I programmed a substantial part of the puzzles.
- [Silver Award (Green Track)](https://gameinstitute-qq-com.translate.goog/yxds-2021/works/101910?_x_tr_sl=auto&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=en&_x_tr_pto=wapp), 2021 Tencent Youth Game Designer Challenge 

----

#### [Dragon Spirits](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1074190/Dragon_Spirits/) ("龙魂", Steam 2020, part of a team led by [FHNBHJ](https://twitter.com/forharnia/))
<img src="/assets/images/banners/dragonspirits.png" alt="Dragon Spirits"/>

- A Pokemon-inspired game but heavily focused on dragons and a nostalgic school life.
- I served as the lead programmer of the game, did the work of all its core battle system.
- Made in RPG Maker VX Ace (at the end of the gradual extinction of this engine) with a lot of Ruby.

----

#### [JingkeRL](https://ceremonial.itch.io/jingkerl) (2018, 7DRL Entry)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/jingkerl.png" alt="JingkeRL"/>

- A small historical roguelike game, a reenactment of Jingke's last moments.
- See [reviews](https://itch.io/jam/7drl-challenge-2018/rate/233653) at the time by 7DRL judges.
- Made using Rot.js paired with TypeScript and finished in four days.

----

#### [WaveSTG](https://globalgamejam.org/2017/games/wavestg) (2017, Global Game Jam)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/wavestg.png" alt="WaveSTG"/>

 - A bullet-hell game with a simple design: dodge waves of bullets.
 - Made in Love2D (Lua game engine) and finished in 48 hours.

----

#### [EienteiRL](http://roguebasin.com/index.php/EienteiRL) (2015, 7DRL Entry)
<img src="/assets/images/banners/eienteirl.png" alt="EienteiRL"/>

 - A classical roguelike game but with Touhou-themed twists.
 - See [reviews](https://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/) at the time by 7DRL judges.
 - Made in Gosu (Ruby game engine) and finished in seven days.

----

### Music

I used to arrange music for fun, but it did not take long before others to rightfully realize
that knowing to play the piano as an amateur is totally different from being able to arrange music.

Note that links are to Netease Cloud Music (somewhat a Chinese Spotify) and that the music
can be bad. All music were made as part of the group [Mad Hatter Tea](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/%E7%96%AF%E5%B8%BD%E5%AD%90%E8%8C%B6%E4%BC%9A).

#### Qingdao THOnly 2017 Album ("MhT X 青岛THO纪念专辑", 2017, in collaboration with 核弹阿茶)

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%99%AB_listen_online-netease_cloud_music-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://music.163.com/#/album?id=73915857)

------

#### Misc Doujin Albums (2018 - 2019, as part of Mad Hatter Tea)

[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%99%AB_listen_online-netease_cloud_music-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://music.163.com/#/song?id=1822819593)


[![shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%99%AB_listen_online-netease_cloud_music-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://music.163.com/#/song?id=1822832248)

------

### Misc

#### Competitive Programming

I used to very casually compete at ACM-ICPC.

 - ACM-ICPC 2018 Mid-Atlantic Regional, [6th place](https://mausa18.kattis.com/contests/mausa18/standings) out of 185 teams
